general/ecosystem/dapps/dexes/sushi.md, before:

---
description: How to Use Sushi on Harmony using the Harmony Bridge
---

# Sushi

![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/JVHjmRtrK1bYrUvkRNlsFfdqHdK5tbM1r4hP4FTBEVHeh0yB8\_MQHYOApO9Bh7wa6CZ5xAurCbdA7i\_AYJw\_fUoyRIPFNDgunufmUnziwWxdDcg72dH8WYNmEOFCSK5upa7fMRRl)

On June 24, 2021, we announced the [Full-stack partnership that Sushi has with Harmony](https://medium.com/harmony-one/sushi-and-harmony-announce-full-stack-partnership-with-4m-in-incentives-6dfaf6dd8887), including the $4M in incentives for liquidity mining, Kashi, and also the $1M hackathon focused on onboarding software engineers from traditional finance to DeFi. Today, we’ll show you how to participate in the upcoming liquidity mining event on Harmony.

In this post, we’ll show you:&#x20;

1. How to add the Harmony Network to your metamask
2. How to use the Harmony Bridge with Sushi
3. How to Yield Farm Sushi on Harmony

We’ve also included a simple infographic to use as a quick reference.

How to Add the Harmony Network to your Metamask

Step 1: Go to app.sushi.com

Step 2: Connect your wallet

Step 3: Click the button that says “Ethereum” in

the top right-hand corner

Step 4: Select the Harmony Network and if you don't see it, complete the steps below

Step 5: Approve the switch in your wallet, and done!\


![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/qIasT5AQnVylpzUf4QVqbJdDCIFUMa3YDDz7P-DE2NkH7ieTnZPkl7bR2POwfeb52enIs2XSZCB8T6dncp6w70XW8TiqWWN\_Qc2PFuirMOanAm9gqs9p7jS860Qf37Mn00YP7Le5)

## How to Use the Harmony Bridge with Sushi

Step 1: Access the Harmony Bridge: https://[bridge.harmony.one](https://bridge.harmony.one/)

Step 2: Click on button Connect Metamask.

A pop-up page will appear for you to confirm which

wallet you want to connect from. Selected the desired

wallet, click on Next and then Connect.

![](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/RQT65zyLeW1yZ8SC7woFEn-kz5dwHijh3ykWYrI6yGHs2T4YBjTfN-1tRoPbNl3ANWUoRXDQ7PCXXYF21GmfXX2nxltJtNcPhWnOlnap4aa7rajXFwaWx-5yZHQSFPJViwFbzfBn)

## How to Yield Farm Sushi on Harmony

Step 1: Go to [app.sushi.com](http://app.sushi.com/)

Step 2: Switch your network to Harmony

Step 3: Click the Yield tab to check which farms are available on the Harmony network that you would like to join.

Step 4: Click the Pool tab

Step 5: Select the tokens for a valid token pair you wish to add liquidity to \*Note, when adding liquidity to a pair, both sides of the pair need to have exact monetary value.\


![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/8XC8t8YA8iN47XvjtxOBEH0p\_OwwPygjpKiLT2DYJtNcdNpM05Clvy\_SUgx5Utd0yU7a4lpIfcXrGFwNYvXnUU-ZOr\_PNbO0H\_FD3I5tl7a4Fxeznnbm0ysoBvKZ5X9XzXRKvpb3)

For example: \[$100 1USDC / $100 ONE], would be \[100 USDC / 1525 ONE] at time of writing

Step 6: Add the amount of tokens you wish to add to the pool of the first token. The Sushi platform will automatically add the equal monetary value of liquidity to the second asset, given there is sufficient balance

Step 7: Approve Sushi to access your tokens from your wallet

Step 8: Click Supply, then Confirm Supply in the popup

Step 9: Approve the transaction and relevant fees from your wallet, you will now receive your liquidity pair or LP tokens

Step 10: Once the transaction approves, click the Yield tab and click the yield farming pair you wish to join, you should see your Wallet Balance now displays your received LP tokens

Step 11: Input the amount of LP tokens you wish to add to the farm or click MAX

![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/Ivjk-lbXbcHgIJIpgF-8beioJjXKvco2VeC4EUolE2n0RsMiqz33Cme69vN9J42tK4WiWUrCBefn751ZG3vvXK9ll\_SjDoLHln5iMdhFIDAPs2vtTv85lQ8Zb7D\_wP0mosvigRYz)

Step 12: Click Approve

Step 13: Allow Sushi to spend your SLP tokens from your wallet

Step 14: Click Deposit

Step 15: Confirm the transaction and the relevant fees from your wallet

If you have any questions or problems, you can always contact the Harmony team at [harmony.one/telegram](https://harmony.one/telegram). They have a super helpful and welcoming community and are happy to assist you.\


## WONE Rewards&#x20;

The rewards for Sushi staking are in Wrapped ONEs on Harmony. Please add this contract address as a token to your Metamask:&#x20;

`0xcF664087a5bB0237a0BAd6742852ec6c8d69A27a`

You may use Sushi Swap itself to exchange between WONEs and ONEs.

Commit message:

GITBOOK-2308: update and fix wallet/ecosystem doc

general/ecosystem/dapps/dexes/sushi.md, after:

---
description: How to Use Sushi on Harmony using the Harmony Bridge
---

# Sushi

![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/JVHjmRtrK1bYrUvkRNlsFfdqHdK5tbM1r4hP4FTBEVHeh0yB8\_MQHYOApO9Bh7wa6CZ5xAurCbdA7i\_AYJw\_fUoyRIPFNDgunufmUnziwWxdDcg72dH8WYNmEOFCSK5upa7fMRRl)

On June 24, 2021, we announced the [Full-stack partnership that Sushi has with Harmony](https://medium.com/harmony-one/sushi-and-harmony-announce-full-stack-partnership-with-4m-in-incentives-6dfaf6dd8887), including the $4M in incentives for liquidity mining, Kashi, and also the $1M hackathon focused on onboarding software engineers from traditional finance to DeFi. Today, we’ll show you how to participate in the upcoming liquidity mining event on Harmony.

In this post, we’ll show you:&#x20;

1. How to add the Harmony Network to your metamask
2. How to use the Harmony Bridge with Sushi
3. How to Yield Farm Sushi on Harmony

We’ve also included a simple infographic to use as a quick reference.

How to Add the Harmony Network to your Metamask

Step 1: Go to app.sushi.com

Step 2: Connect your wallet

Step 3: Click the button that says “Ethereum” in

the top right-hand corner

Step 4: Select the Harmony Network and if you don't see it, complete the steps below

Step 5: Approve the switch in your wallet, and done!\


![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/qIasT5AQnVylpzUf4QVqbJdDCIFUMa3YDDz7P-DE2NkH7ieTnZPkl7bR2POwfeb52enIs2XSZCB8T6dncp6w70XW8TiqWWN\_Qc2PFuirMOanAm9gqs9p7jS860Qf37Mn00YP7Le5)

## How to Use the Harmony Bridge with Sushi

Follow the [bridge tutorial](https://docs.harmony.one/home/general/layerzero-bridge/bridging-tutorial) with using the sushi token

## How to Yield Farm Sushi on Harmony

Step 1: Go to [app.sushi.com](http://app.sushi.com/)

Step 2: Switch your network to Harmony

Step 3: Click the Yield tab to check which farms are available on the Harmony network that you would like to join.

Step 4: Click the Pool tab

Step 5: Select the tokens for a valid token pair you wish to add liquidity to \*Note, when adding liquidity to a pair, both sides of the pair need to have exact monetary value.\


![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/8XC8t8YA8iN47XvjtxOBEH0p\_OwwPygjpKiLT2DYJtNcdNpM05Clvy\_SUgx5Utd0yU7a4lpIfcXrGFwNYvXnUU-ZOr\_PNbO0H\_FD3I5tl7a4Fxeznnbm0ysoBvKZ5X9XzXRKvpb3)

For example: \[$100 1USDC / $100 ONE], would be \[100 USDC / 1525 ONE] at time of writing

Step 6: Add the amount of tokens you wish to add to the pool of the first token. The Sushi platform will automatically add the equal monetary value of liquidity to the second asset, given there is sufficient balance

Step 7: Approve Sushi to access your tokens from your wallet

Step 8: Click Supply, then Confirm Supply in the popup

Step 9: Approve the transaction and relevant fees from your wallet, you will now receive your liquidity pair or LP tokens

Step 10: Once the transaction approves, click the Yield tab and click the yield farming pair you wish to join, you should see your Wallet Balance now displays your received LP tokens

Step 11: Input the amount of LP tokens you wish to add to the farm or click MAX

![](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/Ivjk-lbXbcHgIJIpgF-8beioJjXKvco2VeC4EUolE2n0RsMiqz33Cme69vN9J42tK4WiWUrCBefn751ZG3vvXK9ll\_SjDoLHln5iMdhFIDAPs2vtTv85lQ8Zb7D\_wP0mosvigRYz)

Step 12: Click Approve

Step 13: Allow Sushi to spend your SLP tokens from your wallet

Step 14: Click Deposit

Step 15: Confirm the transaction and the relevant fees from your wallet

If you have any questions or problems, you can always contact the Harmony team at [harmony.one/telegram](https://harmony.one/telegram). They have a super helpful and welcoming community and are happy to assist you.\


## WONE Rewards&#x20;

The rewards for Sushi staking are in Wrapped ONEs on Harmony. Please add this contract address as a token to your Metamask:&#x20;

`0xcF664087a5bB0237a0BAd6742852ec6c8d69A27a`

You may use Sushi Swap itself to exchange between WONEs and ONEs.
