command-line-interface/using-the-harmony-cli-tool/key-management.md, before:

---
description: 'Managing accounts & their keys on your local machine, hardware wallets'
---

# Key management

As of commit `da9777f9da23fb9c78b4a2e7faa0bd0fb913e588`, `hmy` provides two ways of helping you managing accounts and keys.

1. On the local machine where the `hmy` binary runs, you can see where `hmy` keeps track of accounts

   & keys by invoking

```text
$ hmy keys location
```

1. On a hardware ledger nano S

You can check the local accounts like so:

```text
$ hmy keys list
NAME                                                ADDRESS

acc3                                                one1wh4p0kuc7unxez2z8f82zfnhsg4ty6dupqyjt2
advance                                             one16qsd5ant9v94jrs89mruzx62h7ekcfxmduh2rx
sort-imported                                       one1658znfwf40epvy7e46cqrmzyy54h4n0qa73nep
visual-imported                                     one12fuf7x9rgtdgqg7vgq0962c556m3p7afsxgvll
```

The `NAME` column does not correspond to anything outside of your local machine, it is merely an artifact of the way that `hmy` organizes your keys.

```text
$ accts=$(hmy keys location)
$ cd ${accts}
$ tree
.
├── acc3
│   └── UTC--2019-09-10T03-08-29.324445105Z--75ea17db98f7266c89423a4ea12677822ab269bc
├── advance
│   └── UTC--2019-09-14T22-39-10.606297000Z--d020da766b2b0b590e072ec7c11b4abfb36c24db
├── sort-imported
│   └── UTC--2019-09-15T00-29-16.692667000Z--d50e29a5c9abf21613d9aeb001ec44252b7acde0
└── visual-imported
    └── UTC--2019-09-15T00-23-19.135443000Z--52789f18a342da8023cc401e5d2b14a6b710fba9

4 directories, 4 files
```

Thus the name of a directory in `accts` is the name of an account alias and the contents of a directory in `accts` is an encrypted keystore.

## New local account creation

### Plain case

Creation of a new account is done as a function of a generated `bip39` mnemonic with 256 bits of entropy.

```text
$ hmy keys add example-account
**Important** write this seed phrase in a safe place, it is the only way to recover your account if you ever forget your password

already memory moral any much letter forum odor never vintage text judge apology manual oyster double dragon barely rain supply sunset more donate afford
```

This creates a keystore at `$(hmy keys location)/example-account/TC--2019-09-16T21-25-35.297331000Z--678e7ea3dcb5f4e9724c0e761843572f10c49b73`

### Importing an existing keystore

Sometimes you might have an existing keystore,

### Restoring from a mnemonic

Commit message:

[hmy] Import keystore from existing

command-line-interface/using-the-harmony-cli-tool/key-management.md, after:

---
description: "Managing accounts & their keys on your local machine, hardware wallets"
---

# Key management

As of commit `521aa050e479d3032d7f1f83468650b48aa5f613`, `hmy` provides two ways of helping you managing accounts and keys.

1. On the local machine where the `hmy` binary runs, you can see where `hmy` keeps track of accounts
   and keys by invoking `$ hmy keys location`

2. On a hardware ledger nano S

You can check the local accounts like so:

```text
$ hmy keys list
NAME                                                ADDRESS

acc3                                                one1wh4p0kuc7unxez2z8f82zfnhsg4ty6dupqyjt2
advance                                             one16qsd5ant9v94jrs89mruzx62h7ekcfxmduh2rx
sort-imported                                       one1658znfwf40epvy7e46cqrmzyy54h4n0qa73nep
visual-imported                                     one12fuf7x9rgtdgqg7vgq0962c556m3p7afsxgvll
```

The `NAME` column does not correspond to anything outside of your local machine, it is merely an artifact of the way that `hmy` organizes your keys.

```text
$ accts=$(hmy keys location)
$ cd ${accts}
$ tree
.
├── acc3
│   └── UTC--2019-09-10T03-08-29.324445105Z--75ea17db98f7266c89423a4ea12677822ab269bc
├── advance
│   └── UTC--2019-09-14T22-39-10.606297000Z--d020da766b2b0b590e072ec7c11b4abfb36c24db
├── sort-imported
│   └── UTC--2019-09-15T00-29-16.692667000Z--d50e29a5c9abf21613d9aeb001ec44252b7acde0
└── visual-imported
    └── UTC--2019-09-15T00-23-19.135443000Z--52789f18a342da8023cc401e5d2b14a6b710fba9

4 directories, 4 files
```

Thus the name of a directory in `accts` is the name of an account alias and the contents of a directory in `accts` is an encrypted keystore.

## New local account creation

### Plain case

Creation of a new account is done as a function of a generated `bip39` mnemonic with 256 bits of entropy.

```text
$ hmy keys add example-account
**Important** write this seed phrase in a safe place, it is the only way to recover your account if you ever forget your password

already memory moral any much letter forum odor never vintage text judge apology manual oyster double dragon barely rain supply sunset more donate afford
```

> You must provide an account alias name

This creates a keystore at `$(hmy keys location)/example-account/TC--2019-09-16T21-25-35.297331000Z--678e7ea3dcb5f4e9724c0e761843572f10c49b73`
with a default passphrase of `harmony-one`. The passphrase is used to decrypt the keystore when
signing transactions. In case you want to use an alternative passphrase, invoke instead:

```shell
$ hmy keys add throw-away-acc1 --passphrase
Enter passphrase for account
Repeat the passphrase:
```

When creating keys this way, `hmy` will ask you to provide a passphrase without repeating it on the
screen.

### Importing an existing keystore

Sometimes you might have an existing keystore such as keys made by Harmony's `wallet.sh` program. An
example:

```shell
p='/Users/edgar/Repos/harmony-work/src/github.com/harmony-one/harmony/.hmy/keystore/one16qsd5ant9v94jrs89mruzx62h7ekcfxmduh2rx.key'
$ hmy keys import ${p}
Imported keystore given account alias of `lecture-imported`
```

> Notice that the path in the shell variable `p` is an absolute path

Keep in mind that you should know the passphrase associated with the imported keystore. For
keystores created by Harmony's `wallet.sh`, the default passphrase is an empty string and this
matters for signing transactions.
